1. The mom cry in her room - he waited - he saw the picture of his dad teared up - he try to look for the missing pic - he can't find - he drew 1 and pasted it - mom saw it - beat him because of trying to get his father back -

2. He clutching Sheriff - contemplating - decided that the key is to find father - figure out the problem is dad - went to the playing room that he usually played with dad - get Matryoshka doll that he noticed being recently cleaned up - found note inside - <The letter> - he couldn't understand most of it - there is smaller letter for mom - <The letter> - it contains "love" - he decided to gave it to his mom

3. his mom received it - start to cry uncontrollably - he watch from corner - ran away when his mom behave differently

[ice cream]
1. From the letter, it mentioned the uncle from the ice-cream stall that is always happy - he went there - noticed some details (to show pendatic) - the uncle greet him excitedly, face full of smile.
2. it's been long time the uncle said - have this for free - "How do i put on a smile like you? Mom always tell me to, but I can't"
3. He watched the kid with a face full of concern - do you miss your dad? - yeah I do, but mom said dad went to overseas for work
4. The man broke of a smile and tell him that his dad will return.
5. he's lying, the boy tell woody on his way of return. That's the way I stretch my lips wide to please everybody.

[Hospital]
1. he went to the second place mentioned - ask for the man mentioned - not there - saw him sitting in a wheelchair at the garden -
2. "Oh why, why did you come all the way here, grandpa missed you so much." "No I'm not John." "Yes you are, what are you talking about."
3. A nurse came quickly and informed him that he has dementia. "what's that" - "it's urr, he forget about things, big or small" "Isn't that scary"
4. "Did he? Some things just isn't worth remembering, right []?" The man smiled a big genuine smile
5. You do look like [dad], where is he going?
6. Oh you knew about my dad? He's going business trip overseas. The nurse look startled.
7. "Oh he is going business trip. Mom told you?" "yeah"
8. "I better go, my mom gonna worry"
9. The bird landed on branch ahead, he broke into a huge, genuine smile and ran home.

[Beggar]
1. He slipped - his eyes met with a beggar on the street - he's the last part of the letter
2. The beggar beckon him to sit beside him.
3. Tell the story of a guy that looks like him - sitting there despaired - i knew he's just suferred a devastating lost
4. some people can cope with lost and goes on with their life - some people don't - their life crumbles apart - lost their job - beg on street
5. "did you suffer a lost" the boy asked him
6. The ability to experience any joy in life. Everything passed. When the voices in your head doesn't have a purpose, everything passed. ..., well, put it this way kiddo, I don't feel, happy anymore.
7. "don't you feel..., scared?" Woody Sheriff asked.
8. "I fear all the time. I feared the joyful expression of passerby heading towards a date. I feared the contented expression of the parent holding on his child. The weak fear hapiness itself."
9. The beggar noticed someone rich walk pasesed - He got up - bump into him and limping into the rich guy - he watched him

[Home again]
1. His purse is gone, realized that the beggar took it away from him. Mom is even more angry and lashes out on him. Woody speak up suddenly and mom horrified. Woody keep on talking. Mom broke down and cried.
2. The boy shocked and ran away to a cliff. "It is because of you woody". Woody didn't say anything. The boy knew what to do. Drop woody to the rustling trees.

The bird chirping cheerfully, the sound of leaf rustling echoed through the field, but he couldn't hear anything, anymore.

---

He stopped searching for the answer a while ago, the answer to why the horrible lashes []. Could it be Buzz Lightyear -- the figure that he placed on the side table, sprang to life and attacked his mom, or the matryoshka doll's occassional weird bobbling head irritated her, he never knew.
